# China's Digital Health QR Code and Privacy Protection
In this short document, I will discuss two articles regarding China's Health QR Code system, which is a great invention to fight against the pandemic. To create the Health Code for everyone, the government needs to collect millions of personal data from amlost everyone's cellphone. The articles below holds different views regarding the privacy issue of the Health Code.

## Article 1
In CNN's [China is fighting the coronavirus with a digital QR code. Here's how it works](https://edition.cnn.com/2020/04/15/asia/china-coronavirus-qr-code-intl-hnk/index.html), it first introduces how the Health Code works, and reports that the code is used widely as a entrance permission in public places. Although the effectiveness of the Health Code is not mentioned in the article, it is questioned to be a restriction of people's freedom since some residents are quarantined only because they self-reported mild symptom and then got a yellow code. The articl also questioned the data privacy protection of the health code system. The local governments have collected residents' face image, ID number and address and begun to realized the mutual recognition and sharing of basic data. However, there is no specific law to prevent the government to use the data for other purposes. Furthermore, there is no evidence to show that all the data will be delete after the pandemic.

From my viewpoint, nobody can deny that the Health QR Code system is one of the most powerful tools against the global pandemic. The successful experience of China government has proved that it is effective to create a system to monitor the health condition of residents. However, this requires the government and residents to balance the tradeoff between the pandemic and privacy, or there will be conflits. To reach a agreement, the authorities should accelerate the process of legislation that carries out a health system that shares the data collected by local governments, and at the same time, makes sure that the data is stored safely and will not be misused. For residents, they should cearly realize that sometimes their privacy is not as important as people's lives, and it is necessary to compromise for the benefit of all humankind. 

## Article 2
In Global Times' [Eurasian countries show great interest in China-proposed global COVID-19 QR code](https://www.globaltimes.cn/page/202012/1210603.shtml), it reports that some Euroasian countries are very interested in the Health Code system, and a seminar was held to discuss the international mutual recognition mechanism of the health code in the post-Covid era. Regarding the users' privacy, an expert suggests to introduce a third party to recognize and encrypt personal data, so every national health platfom can only get the health status of a person rather than the personal data.

From my perspective, the mutual recognition mechanism is very attractive. Imagine in the future, when we travel abroad, we will not only show our passort, but also show a QR code to prove that we are healthy. I believe the third-party mechanism introduced by that expert is useful to protect personal data, and international orgnizations such as UN and WHO should lead to establish this thrid-party platform. However, the key to this mechanism is mutual trusts among countries, which are rare in the period of international protectionism and separatism.